README.md, before:

# ProxyPal

Use your AI subscriptions (Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, GitHub Copilot) with any coding tool. Native desktop app wrapping [CLIProxyAPI](https://github.com/router-for-me/CLIProxyAPI).

![ProxyPal Dashboard](src/assets/dashboard.png)

## Features

- **Multiple AI Providers** - Connect Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, Qwen, iFlow, Vertex AI, and custom OpenAI-compatible endpoints
- **GitHub Copilot Bridge** - Use Copilot models via OpenAI-compatible API
- **Antigravity Support** - Access thinking models through Antigravity proxy
- **Works Everywhere** - Cursor, Cline, Continue, Claude Code, OpenCode, and any OpenAI-compatible client
- **Usage Analytics** - Track requests, tokens, success rates, and estimated savings
- **Request Monitoring** - View all API requests with response times and status codes
- **Auto-Configure** - Detects installed CLI agents and sets them up automatically

## Quick Start

1. Download from [Releases](https://github.com/heyhuynhgiabuu/proxypal/releases)
2. Launch ProxyPal and start the proxy
3. Connect your AI accounts (OAuth or auth files)
4. Point your coding tool to `http://localhost:8317/v1`

## Supported Platforms

| Platform | Architecture          | Status |
| -------- | --------------------- | ------ |
| macOS    | Apple Silicon (ARM64) | ✅     |
| macOS    | Intel (x64)           | ✅     |
| Windows  | x64                   | ✅     |
| Linux    | x64 (.deb)            | ✅     |

## Development

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm tauri dev
```

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: SolidJS + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Rust + Tauri v2
- **Proxy**: CLIProxyAPI (bundled)

## Support

If you find ProxyPal useful, consider [buying me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/heyhuynhgiabuu).

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: Implement initial ProxyPal application with Rust backend, Tauri desktop, and web frontend.

README.md, after:

# ProxyPal

Use your AI subscriptions (Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, GitHub Copilot) with any coding tool. Native desktop app wrapping [CLIProxyAPI](https://github.com/router-for-me/CLIProxyAPI).

![ProxyPal Dashboard](src/assets/dashboard.png)

## Features

- **Multiple AI Providers** - Connect Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, Qwen, iFlow, Vertex AI, and custom OpenAI-compatible endpoints
- **GitHub Copilot Bridge** - Use Copilot models via OpenAI-compatible API
- **Antigravity Support** - Access thinking models through Antigravity proxy
- **Works Everywhere** - Cursor, Cline, Continue, Claude Code, OpenCode, and any OpenAI-compatible client
- **Usage Analytics** - Track requests, tokens, success rates, and estimated savings
- **Request Monitoring** - View all API requests with response times and status codes
- **Auto-Configure** - Detects installed CLI agents and sets them up automatically

## Quick Start

1. Download from [Releases](https://github.com/heyhuynhgiabuu/proxypal/releases)
2. Launch ProxyPal and start the proxy
3. Connect your AI accounts (OAuth or auth files)
4. Point your coding tool to `http://localhost:8317/v1`

## Supported Platforms

| Platform | Architecture          | Status |
| -------- | --------------------- | ------ |
| macOS    | Apple Silicon (ARM64) | ✅     |
| macOS    | Intel (x64)           | ✅     |
| Windows  | x64                   | ✅     |
| Linux    | x64 (.deb)            | ✅     |

## Cloud Deployment

ProxyPal can run as a standalone server for team/shared access, deployed to Render.com.

**Server Mode Features:**
- Multi-user support with API keys
- Usage tracking per user
- Web-based admin dashboard
- Persistent storage with SQLite

See [docs/DEPLOYMENT_RENDER.md](docs/DEPLOYMENT_RENDER.md) for the full deployment guide.

## Development

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm tauri dev
```

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: SolidJS + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Rust + Tauri v2
- **Proxy**: CLIProxyAPI (bundled)

## Support

If you find ProxyPal useful, consider [buying me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/heyhuynhgiabuu).

## License

MIT
